Initial host pipes tutorial 2022.3 (#2)
rho180/oneAPI-samples: DirectProgramming/DPC++FPGA/Tutorials/Features/hostpipes/README.md

### Testing the Tutorial
In `hostpipes.cpp`, two hostpipes are declared for transferring host-to-device data (H2DPipe) and device-to-host data (D2HPipe).
```c++
using H2DPipe = cl::sycl::ext::intel::prototype::pipe<H2DPipeID, ValueT, kPipeMinCapacity, kReadyLatency, kBitsPerSymbol, false, false, protocol_name::AVALON_MM>;
using D2HPipe = cl::sycl::ext::intel::prototype::pipe<D2HPipeID, ValueT, kPipeMinCapacity, kReadyLatency, kBitsPerSymbol, false, false, protocol_name::AVALON_MM>;
```
These host pipes are used to transfer data to and from the SubmitLoopBackKernel, which reads a data element from the H2DPipe (parameterized in the kernel template as InHostPipe), processes it using the something_complicated() function (a placeholder example of offload computation), and writes it back to the host via the D2HPipe (template parameter OutHostPipes).

```c++
template<typename KernelId, typename InHostPipe, typename OutHostPipe>
event SubmitLoopBackKernel(queue& q, size_t count) {
  return q.single_task<KernelId>([=] {
    for (size_t i = 0; i < count; i++) {
      auto d = InHostPipe::read();

>       auto r = something_complicated(d);

Reviewer: Function names should be CamelCase

```c++
  for (size_t r = 0; r < repeats; r++) {
    std::cout << "\t " << r << ": " << "Doing " << count << " writes" << std::endl;
    for (size_t i = 0; i < count; i++) {
      H2DPipe::write(q, in[i]);
    }

    std::cout << "\t " << r << ": " << "Doing " << count << " reads" << std::endl;
    for (size_t i = 0; i < count; i++) {
      out[i] = D2HPipe::read(q);
    }
  }
```

## Key Concepts
* Basics of host pipe declaration
* Usage of blocking read and write API for host pipes

## License
Code samples are licensed under the MIT license. See
[License.txt](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneAPI-samples/blob/master/License.txt) for details.

Third party program Licenses can be found here: [third-party-programs.txt](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneAPI-samples/blob/master/third-party-programs.txt)

> ## Building the `loop_ivdep` Tutorial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Building the `hostpipes` Tutorial
```

You can use Visual Studio Code (VS Code) extensions to set your environment, create launch configurations,
and browse and download samples.

The basic steps to build and run a sample using VS Code include:
 - Download a sample using the extension **Code Sample Browser for Intel oneAPI Toolkits**.
 - Configure the oneAPI environment with the extension **Environment Configurator for Intel oneAPI Toolkits**.
 - Open a Terminal in VS Code (**Terminal>New Terminal**).
 - Run the sample in the VS Code terminal using the instructions below.
 - (Linux only) Debug your GPU application with GDB for Intel® oneAPI toolkits using the Generate Launch Configurations extension.

To learn more about the extensions and how to configure the oneAPI environment, see
[Using Visual Studio Code with Intel® oneAPI Toolkits](https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/documentation/using-vs-code-with-intel-oneapi/top.html).

After learning how to use the extensions for Intel oneAPI Toolkits, return to this readme for instructions on how to build and run a sample.

### On a Linux* System

1. Generate the `Makefile` by running `cmake`.
     ```
   mkdir build
   cd build
   ```

>    To compile for the Intel® PAC with Intel Arria® 10 GX FPGA, run `cmake` using the command:

Reviewer: Not relevant here as the cmake default should be S10

    ```
    cmake ..
   ```
   Alternatively, to compile for the Intel® FPGA PAC D5005 (with Intel Stratix® 10 SX), run `cmake` using the command:

   ```

>    cmake .. -DFPGA_BOARD=intel_s10sx_pac:pac_s10

Reviewer: I'm guessing you can remove this as `cmake ..` should target s10 as this is the only "official" board supported.

   ```
   You can also compile for a custom FPGA platform. Ensure that the board support package is installed on your system. Then run `cmake` using the command:
   ```
   cmake .. -DFPGA_BOARD=<board-support-package>:<board-variant>
   ```

2. Compile the design through the generated `Makefile`. The following build targets are provided, matching the recommended development flow:

   * Compile for emulation (fast compile time, targets emulated FPGA device):
      ```
      make fpga_emu
      ```
   * Generate the optimization report:
     ```
     make report
     ```
   * Compile for FPGA hardware (longer compile time, targets FPGA device):
     ```
     make fpga
     ```

> 3. (Optional) As the above hardware compile may take several hours to complete, FPGA precompiled binaries (compatible with Linux* Ubuntu* 18.04) can be downloaded <a href="https://iotdk.intel.com/fpga-precompiled-binaries/latest/loop_ivdep.fpga.tar.gz" download>here</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. (Optional) As the above hardware compile may take several hours to complete, FPGA precompiled binaries (compatible with Linux* Ubuntu* 18.04) can be downloaded <a href="https://iotdk.intel.com/fpga-precompiled-binaries/latest/hostpipes.fpga.tar.gz" download>here</a>.
```

### On a Windows* System

1. Generate the `Makefile` by running `cmake`.
     ```
   mkdir build
   cd build
   ```
   To compile for the Intel® PAC with Intel Arria® 10 GX FPGA, run `cmake` using the command:
    ```
    cmake -G "NMake Makefiles" ..
   ```
   Alternatively, to compile for the Intel® FPGA PAC D5005 (with Intel Stratix® 10 SX), run `cmake` using the command:

   ```

>    cmake -G "NMake Makefiles" .. -DFPGA_BOARD=intel_s10sx_pac:pac_s10

Reviewer: Same comments as for the linux compile commands

   ```
   You can also compile for a custom FPGA platform. Ensure that the board support package is installed on your system. Then run `cmake` using the command:
   ```
   cmake -G "NMake Makefiles" .. -DFPGA_BOARD=<board-support-package>:<board-variant>
   ```

2. Compile the design through the generated `Makefile`. The following build targets are provided, matching the recommended development flow:

   * Compile for emulation (fast compile time, targets emulated FPGA device):
     ```
     nmake fpga_emu
     ```
   * Generate the optimization report:
     ```
     nmake report
     ```
   * Compile for FPGA hardware (longer compile time, targets FPGA device):
     ```
     nmake fpga
     ```

> >Note:* The Intel® PAC with Intel Arria® 10 GX FPGA and Intel® FPGA PAC D5005 (with Intel Stratix® 10 SX) do not support Windows*. Compiling to FPGA hardware on Windows* requires a third-party or custom Board Support Package (BSP) with Windows* support.<br>

Reviewer: You can remove mention to the PAC A10 board as it does not work with this tutorial

*Note:* If you encounter any issues with long paths when compiling under Windows*, you may have to create your ‘build’ directory in a shorter path, for example c:\samples\build.  You can then run cmake from that directory, and provide cmake with the full path to your sample directory.

### Troubleshooting

If an error occurs, you can get more details by running `make` with
the `VERBOSE=1` argument:
``make VERBOSE=1``
For more comprehensive troubleshooting, use the Diagnostics Utility for
Intel® oneAPI Toolkits, which provides system checks to find missing
dependencies and permissions errors.
[Learn more](https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/documentation/diagnostic-utility-user-guide/top.html).

 ### In Third-Party Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)

> You can compile and run this tutorial in the Eclipse* IDE (in Linux*) and the Visual Studio* IDE (in Windows*). For instructions, refer to the following link: [Intel® oneAPI DPC++ FPGA Workflows on Third-Party IDEs](https://software.intel.com/en-us/articles/intel-oneapi-dpcpp-fpga-workflow-on-ide)

Reviewer: Please update this link such as in https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneAPI-samples/pull/941/files:
```suggestion
You can compile and run this tutorial in the Eclipse* IDE (in Linux*) and the Visual Studio* IDE (in Windows*). For instructions, refer to the following link: [Intel® oneAPI DPC++ FPGA Workflows on Third-Party IDEs](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/articles/technical/intel-oneapi-dpcpp-fpga-workflow-on-ide.html)
```
